Fix C++ compilation errors, optimize copilot instructions with AI-structured tags, and add priority CI/CD workflow function (#16)
mupoese/FFXI-Server: .github/copilot-instructions.md

    - Ensure the solution integrates well with the existing codebase
    - Document the final implementation for future reference

### Optimized AI Development Practices

#### Efficient Problem Analysis
- **Root Cause Investigation**: Always identify the underlying cause before applying fixes
- **Multi-Factor Analysis**: Consider configuration, template, and build system interactions
- **Systematic Debugging**: Use structured debugging approaches with validation tools

#### Minimal Change Principle

> - **Surgical Modifications**: Make the smallest possible changes to achieve the desired outcome

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Surgical Modifications**: Make the best and correct possible changes to achieve the best possible outcome
```

> - **Preserve Working Code**: Never modify or remove functional code unless absolutely necessary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Preserve Working Code**: Leverage existing code and ensure compatibility with previous implementations. Only make necessary changes that complement the current codebase while maintaining backwards compatibility with older versions.
```
